# Pterocarpus indicus ( commonly known as Amboyna wood , Malay padauk , Papua New Guinea rosewood , Philippine mahogany , Andaman redwood , Burmese rosewood , narra , angsana , or Pashu padauk ) is a species of " Pterocarpus " native to southeastern Asia , northern Australasia , and the western Pacific Ocean islands , in Cambodia , southernmost China , East Timor , Indonesia , Malaysia , Papua New Guinea , the Philippines , the Ryukyu Islands , the Solomon Islands , Thailand , and Vietnam .	Pterocarpus indicus ( commonly known as Amboyna wood , Malay padauk , Papua New Guinea rosewood , Philippine mahogany , Andaman redwood , Burmese rosewood , narra or Pashu padauk ) is a species of " Pterocarpus " native to southeastern Asia .
	1 Pterocarpus indicus -LRB- commonly known as Amboyna wood , Malay padauk , Papua New Guinea rosewood , Philippine mahogany , Andaman redwood , Burmese rosewood , narra , angsana , or Pashu padauk -RRB- is a species of '' Pterocarpus '' native to southeastern Asia , northern Australasia .
	2 The western Pacific Ocean islands Pterocarpus indicus -LRB- commonly known as Amboyna wood , Malay padauk , Papua New Guinea rosewood , Philippine mahogany , Andaman redwood , Burmese rosewood , narra or Pashu padauk -RRB- is a species of '' Pterocarpus '' native to southeastern Asia .

# A romantic friendship , passionate friendship , or affectionate friendship is a very close but typically non-sexual relationship between friends , often involving a degree of physical closeness beyond that which is common in the contemporary Western societies .	A romantic friendship , passionate friendship or affectionate friendship is a close but non-sexual relationship between friends that often involves a degree of physical and emotional closeness .
	1 A romantic friendship is a close but non-sexual relationship between friends .
	2 Passionate friendship is a close but non-sexual relationship between friends .
	3 Affectionate friendship . A romantic friendship , passionate friendship or affectionate friendship is a close but non-sexual relationship between friends .
	4 Is a very close but typically non-sexual relationship between friends , often involving a degree of physical closeness .
	5 Friends often involves a degree of physical and emotional closeness .
	6 That is common in the contemporary Western societies .

# Rocky Balboa is a 2006 American boxing sports drama film written , directed by , and starring Sylvester Stallone .	Rocky Balboa ( also known as Rocky VI ) is the sixth and final movie in the Rocky series , written , directed by and starring Sylvester Stallone .
	1 Rocky Balboa is a 2006 American boxing sports drama film written .
	2 Rocky Balboa is starring Sylvester Stallone . and starring Sylvester Stallone .
	3 A 2006 American boxing sports drama film written , were directed by .
	4 Starring Sylvester Stallone . and starring Sylvester Stallone .
	5 Rocky Balboa -LRB- also known as Rocky VI -RRB- is the sixth and final movie in the Rocky series Sylvester Stallone .
	6 The sixth and final movie in the Rocky series were written .
	7 The Rocky series was directed by .

# Janakinath Bose ( 28 May 1860 – 1934 ) was an Indian lawyer and advocate , who was the father of Indian independence leader Subhas Chandra Bose .	Janakinath Bose ( 28 May 1860 – 1934 ) was an Indian lawyer and the father of Indian independence leader Subhas Chandra Bose .
	1 Janakinath Bose -LRB- 28 May 1860 -- 1934 -RRB- was an Indian lawyer .
	2 Janakinath Bose -LRB- 28 May 1860 -- 1934 -RRB- was advocate .
	3 An Indian lawyer was the father of Subhas Chandra Bose .
	4 Advocate was the father of Subhas Chandra Bose .
	5 Janakinath Bose -LRB- 28 May 1860 -- 1934 -RRB- was an Indian lawyer .
	6 Janakinath Bose -LRB- 28 May 1860 -- 1934 -RRB- was the father of Subhas Chandra Bose Subhas Chandra Bose .
	7 Subhas Chandra Bose was Indian independence leader .

# Bionics or biologically inspired engineering is the application of biological methods and systems found in nature to the study and design of engineering systems and modern technology .	Bionics ( also known as biomimetics ) is the science about studying nature to create modern technology .
	1 Bionics -LRB- also known as biomimetics -RRB- is the science about studying nature to create modern technology .
	2 Biologically inspired engineering is the application of biological methods and systems found in nature to the study and design of engineering systems and modern technology . Bionics -LRB- also known as biomimetics -RRB- is the science about studying nature to create modern technology .

# The Ilyushin Il-18 ( ; NATO reporting name : Coot ) is a large turboprop airliner that first flew in 1957 and became one of the best known and durable Soviet aircraft of its era .	Ilyushin Il-18 ( Russian : Илью ́ шин Ил-18 ; NATO reporting name : Coot ) is a Soviet large turboprop airliner , produced by Ilyushin .
	1 The Ilyushin Il-18 -LRB- ; NATO reporting name : Coot -RRB- is a large turboprop airliner .
	2 A large turboprop airliner first flew in 1957 .
	3 A large turboprop airliner first became one of the best known and durable Soviet aircraft of its era . Ilyushin Il-18 .
	4 A large turboprop airliner first is a Soviet large turboprop airliner .
	5 A Soviet large turboprop airliner was produced by Ilyushin .

# The seals , phocids or true seals are one of the three main groups of mammals within the seal lineage , Pinnipedia .	The earless seals or true seals are marine mammals of the family Phocidae , one of the three pinniped families .
	1 The seals , phocids or true seals are one of the three main groups of mammals within the seal lineage , Pinnipedia . The earless seals or true seals are marine mammals of the family Phocidae , one of the three pinniped families .

# A MUD ( ; originally Multi-User Dungeon , with later variants Multi-User Dimension and Multi-User Domain ) is a multiplayer real-time virtual world , usually text-based .	In terms of computer games , a MUD ( short for Multi-User Dungeon , Multi-User Dimension or Multi-User Domain ) is a multiplayer online game that is usually completely text-based .
	1 A MUD -LRB- ; originally Multi-User Dungeon , with later variants Multi-User Dimension and Multi-User Domain -RRB- is a multiplayer real-time virtual world .
	2 Usually text-based . In terms of computer games , a MUD -LRB- short for Multi-User Dungeon , Multi-User Dimension or Multi-User Domain -RRB- is a multiplayer online game that is usually completely text-based .

# A plutocracy ( , " " , ' wealth ' + , " " , ' power ' ) or plutarchy is a society that is ruled or controlled by people of great wealth or income .	Plutocracy is a government by people who are rich .
	1 A plutocracy -LRB- , '' '' , ' wealth ' + , '' '' , ' power ' -RRB- or plutarchy is a society .
	2 A society is ruled or controlled by people of great wealth .
	3 A plutocracy -LRB- , '' '' , ' wealth ' + , '' '' , income . Plutocracy is a government by people .
	4 People are rich .

# The Confederation of African Football or CAF is the administrative and controlling body for African association football .	The Confederation of African Football often referred to as just CAF , is the organization that controls African football .
	1 The Confederation of African Football or CAF is the administrative and controlling body for African association football . The Confederation of African Football often referred .
	2 CAF , is the organization .
	3 The organization controls African football .

# Blantyre ( or ; ) is a town and civil parish in South Lanarkshire , Scotland , with a population of 16,900 .	Blantyre is a burgh in South Lanarkshire , Scotland with a population of about 17,000 .
	1 Blantyre -LRB- or ; -RRB- is a town and civil parish in South Lanarkshire , Scotland , with a population of 16,900 . Blantyre is a burgh in South Lanarkshire , Scotland with a population of about 17,000 .

# Wangari ̃ Muta Maathai ( wa ̀ ɡa ̀ ˈɹɛ -PIPE- m -PIPE- ɑː -PIPE- ˈ -PIPE- t -PIPE- aɪ ; 1 April 1940 – 25 September 2011 ) was a renowned Kenyan social , environmental and political activist and the first African woman to win the Nobel Prize .	Wangari Muta Mary Jo Maathai ( 1 April 1940 – 25 September 2011 ) was a Kenyan environmentalist , political activist and the first African woman to receive the Nobel Peace Prize in 2004 .
	1 Wangari ̃ Muta Maathai -LRB- wa ̀ ɡa ̀ ˈɹɛ - PIPE - m - PIPE - ɑː - PIPE - ˈ - PIPE - t - PIPE - aɪ ; 1 April 1940 -- 25 September 2011 -RRB- was a renowned Kenyan social , environmental and political activist and the first African woman to win the Nobel Prize . Wangari to receive the Nobel Peace Prize in 2004 .
	2 Muta Mary Jo Maathai -LRB- 1 April 1940 -- 25 September 2011 -RRB- was a Kenyan environmentalist .
	3 Muta Mary Jo Maathai -LRB- 1 April 1940 -- 25 September 2011 -RRB- was political activist .
	4 Muta Mary Jo Maathai -LRB- 1 April 1940 -- 25 September 2011 -RRB- was the first African woman the Nobel Prize . Wangari .

# The 1000s was a decade of the Julian Calendar which began on January 1 , 1000 , and ended on December 31 , 1009 .	The 1000s was a decade that lasted from 1000 to 1999 .
	1 The 1000s was a decade of the Julian Calendar .
	2 The 1000s was a decade a decade .
	3 A decade lasted from 1000 .
	4 A decade of the Julian Calendar began on January 1 , 1000 .
	5 A decade of the Julian Calendar ended on December 31 , 1009 .

# The Mil Mi-6 ( NATO reporting name Hook ) , given the article number " izdeliye 50 " and company designation V-6 , is a Soviet / Russian heavy transport helicopter that was designed by the Mil design bureau .	Mil Mi-6 ( Russian : Мил Ми-6 ; NATO reporting name : Hook ) was a Soviet heavy transport helicopter designed by Mil .
	1 The Mil Mi-6 -LRB- NATO reporting name Hook -RRB- is a Soviet / Russian heavy transport helicopter . Mil Mi-6 -LRB- Russian : Мил Ми-6 ; NATO reporting name : Hook -RRB- .
	2 Was a Soviet heavy transport helicopter designed by Mil a Soviet / Russian heavy transport helicopter . Mil Mi-6 -LRB- Russian : Мил Ми-6 ; NATO reporting name : Hook -RRB- .
	3 The Mil Mi-6 -LRB- NATO reporting name Hook -RRB- were given the article number '' izdeliye 50 '' and company designation V-6 .
	4 A Soviet / Russian heavy transport helicopter was designed by the Mil design bureau .

# The Society for Worldwide Interbank Financial Telecommunication ( SWIFT ) , legally S.W.I.F.T. SCRL , provides a network that enables financial institutions worldwide to send and receive information about financial transactions in a secure , standardized and reliable environment .	The Society for Worldwide Interbank Financial Telecommunication ( SWIFT ) is an international communication network used by the banking and financial industries .
	1 The Society for Worldwide Interbank Financial Telecommunication -LRB- SWIFT -RRB- S.W.I.F.T. SCRL , provides .
	2 A network . The Society for Worldwide Interbank Financial Telecommunication -LRB- SWIFT -RRB- is an international communication network .
	3 An international communication network was used by the banking and financial industries .
	4 A network enables financial institutions worldwide .

# Sir George Bailey Sansom ( 28 November 1883 – 8 March 1965 ) was a British diplomat and historian of pre-modern Japan , particularly noted for his historical surveys and his attention to Japanese society and culture .	Sir George Bailey Sansom ( November 28 1883 - March 8 1965 ) was a British diplomat , academic , historian and Japanologist .
	1 George Bailey Sansom -LRB- 28 November 1883 -- 8 March 1965 -RRB- was a British diplomat and historian of pre-modern Japan , particularly noted for his historical surveys and his attention to Japanese society and culture . George Bailey Sansom -LRB- November 28 1883 - March 8 1965 -RRB- was a British diplomat .
	2 George Bailey Sansom -LRB- 28 November 1883 -- 8 March 1965 -RRB- was a British diplomat and historian of pre-modern Japan , particularly noted for his historical surveys and his attention to Japanese society and culture . George Bailey Sansom -LRB- November 28 1883 - March 8 1965 -RRB- was academic .
	3 George Bailey Sansom -LRB- 28 November 1883 -- 8 March 1965 -RRB- was a British diplomat and historian of pre-modern Japan , particularly noted for his historical surveys and his attention to Japanese society and culture . George Bailey Sansom -LRB- November 28 1883 - March 8 1965 -RRB- was historian .
	4 George Bailey Sansom -LRB- 28 November 1883 -- 8 March 1965 -RRB- was a British diplomat and historian of pre-modern Japan , particularly noted for his historical surveys and his attention to Japanese society and culture . George Bailey Sansom -LRB- November 28 1883 - March 8 1965 -RRB- was Japanologist .
	5 George Bailey Sansom was Sir .

# The Pallas 's cat ( " Otocolobus manul " ) , also called manul , is a small wild cat with a broad but fragmented distribution in the grasslands and montane steppes of Central Asia .	Pallas ' Cat ( " Felis manul " ) , also known as the manul , is a small wild cat of Central Asia .
	1 The Pallas 's cat -LRB- '' Otocolobus manul '' -RRB- is a small wild cat with a broad but fragmented distribution in the grasslands and montane steppes of Central Asia .
	2 Pallas ' Cat -LRB- '' Felis manul '' -RRB- is a small wild cat of Central Asia Central Asia .
	3 Pallas ' Cat -LRB- '' Felis manul '' -RRB- was also known as the manul .
	4 The Pallas 's cat -LRB- '' Otocolobus manul '' -RRB- were also called manul .

# Takeo Gerard Spikes ( ; born December 17 , 1976 ) is a former American football linebacker who played in the National Football League ( NFL ) .	Takeo Gerard Spikes ( ; born December 17 , 1976 ) is an American football linebacker who played in the National Football League ( NFL ) .
	1 Takeo Gerard Spikes -LRB- ; born December 17 -RRB- . Takeo Gerard Spikes -LRB- ; born December 17 -RRB- is an American football linebacker .
	2 Is a former American football linebacker -LRB- NFL -RRB- Takeo Gerard Spikes .
	3 An American football linebacker played in the National Football League -LRB- NFL -RRB- .
	4 A former American football linebacker played in the National Football League .

# The Ilyushin Il-14 ( NATO reporting name : Crate ) was a Soviet twin-engine commercial and military personnel and cargo transport aircraft that first flew in 1950 , and entered service in 1954 .	Ilyushin Il-14 ( Ильюшин Ил-14 ; NATO reporting name : Crate ) was a Soviet twin-engine cargo aircraft for small and medium-haul airline routes and a military transport , produced by Ilyushin .
	1 The Ilyushin Il-14 -LRB- NATO reporting name : Crate -RRB- was a Soviet twin-engine commercial .
	2 The Ilyushin Il-14 -LRB- NATO reporting name : Crate -RRB- was military personnel and cargo transport aircraft .
	3 Cargo transport aircraft first flew in 1950 .
	4 Cargo transport aircraft first entered .
	5 Service in 1954 . Ilyushin Il-14 -LRB- Ильюшин Ил-14 ; NATO reporting name : Crate -RRB- was a Soviet twin-engine cargo aircraft for small and medium-haul airline routes .
	6 Service in 1954 . Ilyushin Il-14 -LRB- Ильюшин Ил-14 ; NATO reporting name : Crate -RRB- was a Soviet twin-engine cargo aircraft for a military transport .
	7 A Soviet twin-engine cargo aircraft for small and medium-haul airline routes and a military transport was produced by Ilyushin .

# Alternative Press is an American music magazine based in Cleveland , Ohio .	Alternative Press ( also abbreviated as AP ) is an American music magazine based in Cleveland , Ohio .
	1 Alternative Press is an American music magazine based in Cleveland , Ohio . Alternative Press -LRB- also abbreviated as AP -RRB- is an American music magazine based in Cleveland , Ohio .

# Bjarne Stroustrup ( ; ] ; born 30 December 1950 ) is a Danish computer scientist , most notable for the creation and development of the C + + programming language .	Bjarne Stroustrup ( pronounced Jah-ney Stra-w-soup born 30th December 1950 in A ̊ rhus , Denmark ) is an American-Danish computer scientist , most famous for creating the C + + programming language .
	1 Bjarne Stroustrup -LRB- ; -RSB- ; born 30 December 1950 -RRB- is a Danish computer scientist , most notable for the creation and development of the C + + programming language . Bjarne Stroustrup -LRB- pronounced Jah-ney Stra-w-soup born 30th December 1950 in A ̊ rhus -RRB- is an American-Danish computer scientist .
	2 A ̊ rhus were Denmark .

# The Canadian Operational Support Command ( CANOSCOM ) ( in French : " Commandement du soutien ope ́ rationnel du Canada " or " COMSOCAN " ) was one of seven commands of the Canadian Forces ( CF ) from 2006 to 2012 .	The Canadian Operational Support Command is the branch of the Canadian Forces responsible for logistics , engineering and health services .
	1 The Canadian Operational Support Command -LRB- CANOSCOM -RRB- -LRB- in French : '' Commandement du soutien ope ́ Canada '' or '' COMSOCAN '' -RRB- was one of seven commands of the Canadian Forces -LRB- CF -RRB- from 2006 to 2012 . The Canadian Operational Support Command is the branch of the Canadian Forces responsible for logistics , engineering and health services .
	2 Canada is rationnel du .

# The Mercedes-Benz Axor was a truck manufactured by Mercedes-Benz designed to fill the gap between the premium Actros tractors and the mostly rigid Atego trucks and was targeted at fleet customers .	The Mercedes-Benz Axor was a truck built by Mercedes-Benz from roughly 2001 to 2008 .
	1 The Mercedes-Benz Axor was a truck . The Mercedes-Benz Axor was a truck .
	2 A truck was built by Mercedes-Benz .
	3 A truck was manufactured by Mercedes-Benz .
	4 Mercedes-Benz was designed to fill the gap between the premium Actros tractors .
	5 Mercedes-Benz was designed to fill the gap between the mostly rigid Atego trucks .
	6 A truck was targeted at fleet customers .

# The Alberta Junior Hockey League ( AJHL ) is an Alberta-based Junior A ice hockey league that belongs to the Canadian Junior Hockey League ( CJHL ) .	The Alberta Junior Hockey League ( AJHL ) is an Alberta-based Junior A hockey league that belongs to the Canadian Junior Hockey League ( CJHL ) .
	1 The Alberta Junior Hockey League -LRB- AJHL -RRB- is an Alberta-based Junior .
	2 A ice hockey league -LRB- CJHL -RRB- . The Alberta Junior Hockey League -LRB- AJHL -RRB- is an Alberta-based Junior A hockey league -LRB- CJHL -RRB- an Alberta-based Junior .
	3 A hockey league belongs to the Canadian Junior Hockey League .
	4 A ice hockey league belongs to the Canadian Junior Hockey League .

# Artemisia absinthium ( wormwood , grand wormwood , absinthe , absinthium , absinthe wormwood ) is a species of " Artemisia " native to temperate regions of Eurasia and Northern Africa and widely naturalized in Canada and the northern United States .	Wormwood ( artemisia absinthium , absinthe wormwood , common wormwood , Green Ginger or grand wormwood ) , is native to mild-climate places of Eurasia and northern Africa .
	1 Artemisia absinthium -LRB- wormwood -RRB- is a species of '' Artemisia '' native to temperate regions of Eurasia and Northern Africa and widely naturalized in Canada .
	2 Wormwood was grand wormwood , absinthe , absinthium , absinthe wormwood .
	3 The northern United States . Wormwood -LRB- artemisia absinthium , absinthe wormwood , common wormwood , Green Ginger or grand wormwood -RRB- , is native to mild-climate places of Eurasia .
	4 The northern United States . Wormwood -LRB- artemisia absinthium , absinthe wormwood , common wormwood , Green Ginger or grand wormwood -RRB- , is native to mild-climate places of northern Africa .

# Tajal Chan Ahk was an 8th-century ruler of the Maya city Cancue ́ n , whose rule lasted from 757 to c . 799 .	Tajal Chan Ahk , also T 'ah ' ak ' Cha 'an , was an 8th century ruler of the Maya city Cancue ́ n , whose rule lasted from 757 to ca . 799 .
	1 Tajal Chan Ahk was an 8th-century ruler of the Maya city Cancue ́ n .
	2 The Maya city Cancue ́ n 's rule lasted from 757 to c . 799 . Tajal Chan Ahk , also T ` ah ' ak ' Cha ` an , was an 8th century ruler of the Maya city Cancue ́ n . 799 .
	3 The Maya city ca .
	4 Cancue ́ n 's rule lasted The Maya city .

# In an electric power system , switchgear is composed of electrical disconnect switches , fuses or circuit breakers used to control , protect and isolate electrical equipment .	A switchgear is a combination of electrical switches , fuses or circuit breakers used to control , protect or isolate electrical equipment .
	1 In an electric power system , switchgear is composed of electrical disconnect switches . A switchgear is a combination of electrical switches , fuses or circuit breakers .
	2 Electrical switches , fuses or circuit breakers were used to control , protect or isolate electrical equipment .
	3 Switches were fuses or circuit breakers .
	4 Fuses or circuit breakers were used to control , protect and isolate electrical equipment .

# Mohammed Hanif ( born November 1964 ) is a British Pakistani writer and journalist who writes a monthly opinion piece in " The New York Times . "	Mohammed Hanif ( born November 1964 ) is a Pakistani writer and novelist in English , who is best known for his award-winning novel , " A Case of Exploding Mangos " ( 2008 ) .
	1 Mohammed Hanif -LRB- born November 1964 -RRB- is a British Pakistani writer .
	2 Mohammed Hanif -LRB- born November 1964 -RRB- is journalist .
	3 Journalist writes a monthly opinion piece .
	4 Mohammed Hanif -LRB- born November 1964 -RRB- is a Pakistani writer and novelist in English .
	5 The New York Times . '' is best known for his award-winning novel , '' A Case of Exploding Mangos '' -LRB- 2008 -RRB- .
	6 Mohammed Hanif -LRB- born November 1964 -RRB- is a Pakistani writer and novelist in English The New York Times . '' .

# Streets of Rage ( ヘ ゙ アナックル 怒りの鉄拳 , Bea Nakkuru : Ikari no Tekken , " Bare Knuckle : Furious Iron Fist " ) is a side-scrolling beat ' em up video game developed and published by Sega for the Mega Drive / Genesis in 1991 .	Streets of Rage is a beat ' em up game released on the Sega Mega Drive .
	1 Streets of Rage -LRB- ヘ アナックル 怒りの鉄拳 -RRB- is a side-scrolling beat ' em up video game for the Mega Drive / Genesis in 1991 .
	2 Streets of Rage is a beat ' em up game .
	3 Game was released on the Sega Mega Drive a side-scrolling beat ' em .
	4 Video game was developed and published by Sega .
	5 Bea Nakkuru : Ikari no Tekken , '' Bare Knuckle : Furious Iron Fist '' was ヘ アナックル 怒りの鉄拳 .

# The Antonov An-72 ( NATO reporting name : Coaler ) is a Soviet / Ukrainian transport aircraft , developed by Antonov .	Antonov An-72 ( Russian : Antonov An-72 ; NATO reporting name : Coaler ) is a Soviet / Ukrainian transport aircraft designed by Antonov .
	1 The Antonov An-72 -LRB- NATO reporting name : Coaler -RRB- is a Soviet / Ukrainian transport aircraft .
	2 Is a Soviet / Ukrainian transport aircraft designed by Antonov a Soviet / Ukrainian transport aircraft .
	3 Ukrainian transport aircraft was developed by Antonov . Antonov An-72 -LRB- Russian : Antonov An-72 ; NATO reporting name : Coaler -RRB- .

# James M. Carey ( born May 31 , 1974 ) is a retired American ice hockey goaltender who played for the Washington Capitals , Boston Bruins , and St. Louis Blues in the National Hockey League ( NHL ) .	Jim Carey ( born May 31 , 1974 in Dorchester , Massachusetts ) is a American retired ice hockey goaltender .
	1 James M. Carey -LRB- born May 31 , 1974 -RRB- is a retired American ice hockey goaltender .
	2 A retired American ice hockey goaltender played for the Washington Capitals .
	3 Boston Bruins was the Washington Capitals .
	4 St. Louis Blues in the National Hockey League -LRB- NHL -RRB- . Jim Carey -LRB- born May 31 , 1974 in Dorchester , Massachusetts -RRB- is a American retired ice hockey goaltender .

# A head tie is a women 's cloth head scarf that is commonly worn in many parts of Southern Africa and Western Africa .	A head tie is a west and southern African women ’ s head scarf , specifically an elaborate ornamental head covering .
	1 A head tie is a women 's cloth head scarf .
	2 A women 's cloth head scarf is commonly worn in many parts of Southern Africa .
	3 Western Africa . s head scarf an elaborate ornamental head covering .
	4 A head tie is a west .
	5 A head tie is southern African women ' Western Africa .

# Alburnoides kubanicus is a species of freshwater fish in the family Cyprinidae .	Alburnoides kubanicus is a type of freshwater fish that lives in Russia .
	1 Alburnoides kubanicus is a species of freshwater fish in the family .
	2 Cyprinidae . Alburnoides kubanicus is a type of freshwater fish the family .
	3 A type of freshwater fish lives in Russia .

# Face detection is a computer technology being used in a variety of applications that identifies human faces in digital images .	Face detection is a computer technology that identifies a person by the features on their face .
	1 Face detection Face .
	2 Is a computer technology being used in a variety of applications . Face detection .
	3 Detection is a computer technology .
	4 A computer technology identifies a person .
	5 A computer technology being used in a variety of applications identifies human faces in digital images .

# Mega Man X2 , known as Rockman X2 ( ロックマンX2 ) in Japan , is a video game developed by Capcom for the Super Nintendo Entertainment System ( SNES ) .	Mega Man X2 , called ロックマンX2 ( Rockman X2 ) in Japan , is a platform video game made by Capcom for the Super NES game console .
	1 Mega Man X2 is a video game .
	2 Mega Man X2 is a platform video game .
	3 A platform video game was made by Capcom for the Super NES game console a video game .
	4 A video game was developed by Capcom for the Super Nintendo Entertainment System -LRB- SNES -RRB- .
	5 Mega Man X2 is a video game .
	6 Mega Man X2 was called ロックマンX2 -LRB- Rockman X2 -RRB- a video game .
	7 A video game was developed by Capcom for the Super Nintendo Entertainment System -LRB- SNES -RRB- .
	8 Mega Man X2 was known as Rockman X2 -LRB- ロックマンX2 -RRB- in Japan .

# A Tropical Cyclone Formation Alert ( TCFA ) is a bulletin released by the U.S. Navy-operated Joint Typhoon Warning Center in Honolulu , Hawaii or the Fleet Weather Center in Norfolk , Virginia , warning of the possibility of a tropical cyclone forming from a tropical disturbance that has been monitored .	A Tropical Cyclone Formation Alert ( TCFA ) is a notice given out by the U.S. Navy-run Joint Typhoon Warning Center in Honolulu , Hawaii or the Naval Maritime Forecast Center in Norfolk , Virginia warning of the possibility of a tropical cyclone forming from a tropical disturbance that has been watched carefully .
	1 A Tropical Cyclone Formation Alert -LRB- TCFA -RRB- is a bulletin , Virginia . A Tropical Cyclone Formation Alert -LRB- TCFA -RRB- is a notice .
	2 A notice was given out by Navy-run Joint Typhoon Warning Center in Honolulu .
	3 A notice was given out by Navy-run Joint Typhoon Warning Center in Hawaii .
	4 A notice was given out by Navy-run Joint Typhoon Warning Center in the Naval Maritime Forecast Center .
	5 This was in Norfolk , Virginia warning of the possibility of a tropical cyclone .
	6 A tropical cyclone was forming from a tropical disturbance .
	7 A bulletin was released by Navy-operated Joint Typhoon Warning Center in Honolulu , Hawaii or the Fleet Weather Center in Norfolk .
	8 A tropical disturbance has been watched carefully .
	9 Navy-operated Joint Typhoon Warning Center in Honolulu , Hawaii or the Fleet Weather Center in Norfolk , Virginia was warning of the possibility of a tropical cyclone .
	10 A tropical cyclone was forming from a tropical disturbance .
	11 A tropical disturbance has been monitored .
	12 Navy-run Joint Typhoon Warning Center was the U.S. .

# William Rufus Dickie ( February 20 , 1916 – December 23 , 1997 ) was a Canadian professional ice hockey goaltender who played in one National Hockey League game for the Chicago Black Hawks during the 1941 – 42 NHL season .	William Rufus Dickie ( February 20 , 1916 — December 23 , 1997 ) was a Canadian professional ice hockey goaltender who played for the Chicago Black Hawks in the National Hockey League during the 1941 – 42 NHL season for one game .
	1 William Rufus Dickie -LRB- February 20 , 1916 -- December 23 , 1997 -RRB- was a Canadian professional ice hockey goaltender -- 42 NHL season . William Rufus Dickie -LRB- February 20 , 1916 -- December 23 , 1997 -RRB- was a Canadian professional ice hockey goaltender -- 42 NHL season for one game .
	2 A Canadian professional ice hockey goaltender played for the Chicago Black Hawks .
	3 A Canadian professional ice hockey goaltender played in one National Hockey League game .

# Louis Alexandre Chiron ( 3 August 1899 – 22 June 1979 ) was a Mone ́ gasque racing driver who competed in rallies , sports car races , and Grands Prix .	Louis Alexandre Chiron ( born 3 August 1899 in Monte Carlo , Monaco – died there on 22 June 1979 ) was a Grand Prix driver .
	1 Louis Alexandre Chiron -LRB- 3 August 1899 -- 22 June 1979 -RRB- was a Mone ́ gasque racing driver .
	2 A Mone ́ gasque racing driver competed in rallies .
	3 Rallies were sports car races .
	4 Grands Prix . Louis Alexandre Chiron -LRB- born 3 August 1899 in Monte Carlo -- died there on 22 June 1979 -RRB- was a Grand Prix driver .
	5 Monte Carlo was Monaco .

# A world record is usually the best global and most important performance that is ever recorded and officially verified in a specific skill or sport .	A world record is the best performance ever made by anyone in a certain discipline .
	1 A world record is usually the best global and most important performance . A world record is the best performance .
	2 The best performance was made by anyone in a certain discipline .
	3 The best global and most important performance is ever recorded .
	4 The best global and most important performance is ever officially verified in a specific skill .
	5 The best global and most important performance is ever officially verified in sport .

# Sir Charles Geoffrey Prior KCIE ( 1896 – 1972 ) was an administrator in British India .	Sir Geoffrey Prior ( 1896-1972 ) was the first Chief commissioner of Balochistan ( Pakistan ) from 15 August 1947 to 3 October 1947 .
	1 Charles Geoffrey Prior KCIE -LRB- 1896 -- 1972 -RRB- was an administrator in British India . Geoffrey Prior -LRB- 1896-1972 -RRB- was the first Chief commissioner of Balochistan -LRB- Pakistan -RRB- from 15 August 1947 to 3 October 1947 .
	2 Charles Geoffrey Prior KCIE was Sir .

# A tank car ( International Union of Railways ( UIC ) : tank wagon ) is a type of railroad car ( UIC : railway car ) or rolling stock designed to transport liquid and gaseous commodities .	A tank car or tank wagon is a type of railroad car designed to transport liquids or gases .
	1 A tank car -LRB- International Union of Railways -LRB- UIC -RRB- : tank wagon -RRB- is a type of railroad car -LRB- UIC : railway car -RRB- or rolling stock designed to transport liquid and gaseous commodities . A tank car or tank wagon is a type of railroad car .
	2 Railroad car was designed to transport liquids or gases .

# The Yakovlev Yak-18 ( ; NATO reporting name Max ) was a tandem two-seat military primary trainer aircraft manufactured in the Soviet Union .	Yakovlev Yak-18 ( Russian : Яковлев Як-18 ; NATO reporting name : Max ) is a Soviet 2-seat military fighter designed by Yakovlev .
	1 The Yakovlev Yak-18 -LRB- ; NATO reporting Max -RRB- was a tandem two-seat .
	2 Military primary trainer aircraft manufactured in the Soviet Union . Yakovlev Yak-18 -LRB- Russian : Яковлев Як-18 ; NATO reporting : Max -RRB- is a Soviet 2-seat military fighter .
	3 A Soviet 2-seat military fighter was designed by Yakovlev a tandem two-seat .
	4 Max was name .

# John Joseph Gotti Jr . ( , ] ; October 27 , 1940 – June 10 , 2002 ) was an Italian-American gangster who became boss of the Gambino crime family in New York City .	John Joseph Gotti , Jr . ( October 27 , 1940 – June 10 , 2002 ) , commonly known by the media as " The Dapper Don " and " The Teflon Don " after the murder of his former boss Paul Castellano , was the boss of the well known Gambino crime family .
	1 John Joseph Gotti Jr . -LRB- , -RSB- ; October 27 -- June 10 , 2002 -RRB- was an Italian-American gangster .
	2 An Italian-American gangster became boss of the Gambino crime family .
	3 New York City . John Joseph Gotti . -LRB- October 27 , 1940 -- June 10 , 2002 -RRB- was commonly known by the media '' .
	4 The Teflon Don '' after Paul Castellano , was the boss of the well known Gambino crime family The Dapper Don '' and .
	5 John Joseph Gotti was Jr .
	6 27 was 1940 .
	7 Paul Castellano was the murder of his former boss .

# Nicolas Peifer , unseeded Frenchman surrendered the final match and Shingo Kunieda defend his 2009 title without play .	Shingo Kunieda , defended his 2009 title after Nicolas Peifer withdrew from the final .
	1 Nicolas Peifer , unseeded Frenchman surrendered the final match and Shingo Kunieda defend his 2009 title without play . Shingo Kunieda , defended his 2009 title .
	2 Nicolas Peifer withdrew from the final .

# The year 1861 in architecture involved some significant architectural event and new buildings .	The year 1861 in architecture involved some significant events .
	1 The year 1861 in architecture involved some significant events .
	2 Architecture was involved some significant architectural event .
	3 Architecture was involved new buildings . The year 1861 .

# Sub Pop is a record label founded in 1986 by Bruce Pavitt .	Sub Pop is an independent record label founded by Bruce Pavitt and Jonathan Poneman in Seattle , Washington in 1986 .
	1 Sub Pop is a record label .
	2 A record label was founded in 1986 .
	3 Sub Pop is an independent record label .
	4 An independent record label was founded by Bruce Pavitt .
	5 An independent record label was founded by Jonathan Poneman .

# In public transport , a request stop , flag stop , or whistle stop is a stop or station or airport at which trains , buses or airline flights respectively stop only on request ; that is , only if there are passengers or freight to be picked up or dropped off .	A request stop , flag stop , or whistle stop is a stop , railway station or airport at which buses , trains or airline flights respectively stop only on request ; only if there are passengers or freight to be picked up or dropped off .
	1 A request stop is a stop or station or airport at which trains , buses or airline flights respectively stop only on request ; or freight to be picked up or dropped off .
	2 Flag stop is a stop or station or airport at which trains , buses or airline flights respectively stop only on request ; or freight to be picked up or dropped off .
	3 Whistle stop is a stop or station or airport at which trains , buses or airline flights respectively stop only on request ; or freight to be picked up or dropped off .
	4 A stop ; is if there are passengers or freight to be picked up or dropped off . A request stop , or whistle stop is a stop , railway station or airport at which buses , trains or airline flights respectively stop only on request ; only if there are passengers .
	5 Station or airport at which trains , buses or airline flights respectively stop only on request ; is if there are passengers or freight to be picked up or dropped off . A request stop , or whistle stop is a stop , railway station or airport at which buses , trains or airline flights respectively stop only on request ; only if there are passengers .
	6 A request stop was flag stop .

# The flag of Iraq includes the three equal horizontal red , white , and black stripes of the Arab Liberation flag .	The flag of Iraq has three horizontal bands of red , white , and black , charged with the ' ( ' , " God is the greatest " ) in green Kufic script , centered on the white stripe .
	1 The flag of Iraq includes the three equal horizontal red , white .
	2 Black stripes of the Arab Liberation flag . centered on the white stripe .
	3 The flag of Iraq has three horizontal bands of red and black .
	4 Three horizontal bands of red and black are the Arab Liberation flag .
	5 Black was charged with the ' -LRB- ' , '' God is the greatest '' -RRB- in green Kufic script .

# The Straits of Florida , Florida Straits , or Florida Strait is a strait located south-southeast of the North American mainland , generally accepted to be between the Gulf of Mexico and the Atlantic Ocean , and between the Florida Keys ( U.S. ) and Cuba .	The Straits of Florida ( or Florida Straits ) is a strait between the Florida Keys and Cuba .
	1 The Straits of Florida , Florida Straits , or Florida Strait is a strait located south-southeast of the North American mainland .
	2 The North American mainland was generally accepted to be between the Gulf of Mexico .
	3 The North American mainland was generally accepted to be between the Gulf of the Atlantic Ocean .
	4 The Straits of Florida -LRB- or Florida Straits -RRB- is a strait between the Florida Keys .
	5 The Straits of Florida -LRB- or Florida Straits -RRB- is a strait between Cuba .
	6 This is between the Florida Keys -LRB- U.S. -RRB- .
	7 This is between Cuba .

# Fueled By Ramen LLC is an American record label owned by Warner Music Group and distributed by Elektra Records .	Fueled by Ramen is an independent record label started by John Janick and Vinnie Fiorello ( drummer and song writer of Less Than Jake ) in August 1996 in Gainesville , Florida .
	1 Fueled By Ramen LLC is an American record label owned by Warner Music Group and distributed by Elektra Records . Fueled by Ramen .
	2 Is an independent record label started by John Janick and Vinnie Fiorello -LRB- drummer and song writer of Less Than Jake -RRB- in August 1996 .

# Red Stripe is a 4.7 % ABV pale lager brewed by Desnoes & Geddes in Jamaica .	Red Stripe is a Jamaican beer that comes in a can and a bottle .
	1 Red Stripe is a 4.7 % ABV pale lager .
	2 A 4.7 % ABV pale lager was brewed by Desnoes & Geddes in Jamaica .
	3 Red Stripe is Jamaica .
	4 Jamaica is a Jamaican beer .
	5 A Jamaican beer comes in a can .
	6 A Jamaican beer comes in a bottle .

# The Ilyushin Il-2 ( Cyrillic : Илью ́ шин Ил-2 ) Shturmovik The word also appears in Western sources as Stormovik and Sturmovik , neither of which give correct pronunciation in English .	Ilyushin Il-2 ( Russian : Ильюшин Ил-2 ; NATO reporting name : Bark ) was a Soviet ground-attack aircraft produced by Ilyushin in WWII .
	1 The Ilyushin Il-2 -LRB- Cyrillic : Илью ́ шин Ил-2 -RRB- Shturmovik .
	2 The word also appears in Western sources .
	3 Stormovik and Sturmovik , neither of which give correct pronunciation in English . Ilyushin Il-2 -LRB- Russian : Ильюшин Ил-2 ; NATO reporting name : Bark -RRB- was a Soviet ground-attack aircraft .
	4 A Soviet ground-attack aircraft was produced by Ilyushin .

# Geoffrey Noel Blake ( 9 April 1914 – 1991 ) was an English athlete who competed in the 1934 British Empire Games .	Geoffrey Noel Blake ( born April 9 , 1914 ) is an English athlete who won the 1934 British Empire Games .
	1 Geoffrey Noel Blake -LRB- 9 April 1914 -- 1991 -RRB- was an English athlete .
	2 An English athlete competed .
	3 Games . Geoffrey Noel Blake -LRB- born April 9 , 1914 -RRB- is an English athlete .
	4 An English athlete won the 1934 British Empire Games .

# Bedtime Stories is a 2008 American fantasy comedy film directed by Adam Shankman and written by Matt Lopez and Tim Herlihy .	Bedtime Stories is a 2008 movie directed by Adam Shankman starring Adam Sandler .
	1 Bedtime Stories is a 2008 American fantasy comedy film directed by Adam Shankman and written by Matt Lopez and Tim Herlihy . Bedtime Stories is a 2008 movie .
	2 A 2008 movie was directed by Adam Shankman starring Adam Sandler .

# Andy Raymond Schleck ( ] ; born 10 June 1985 ) is a Luxembourgish former professional road bicycle racer .	Andy Raymond Schleck ( born 10 June 1985 ) is a road cyclist who was the winner of the Tour de France in 2010 .
	1 Andy Raymond Schleck -LRB- -RSB- ; born 10 June 1985 -RRB- is a Luxembourgish former professional road bicycle .
	2 Racer . Andy Raymond Schleck -LRB- born 10 June 1985 -RRB- is a road cyclist a Luxembourgish former professional road bicycle .
	3 A road cyclist was the winner of the Tour de France in 2010 .

# Sergey Vladimirovich Ilyushin ( ; 30 March O.S. 18 March 1894 – 9 February 1977 ) was a Soviet aircraft designer who founded the Ilyushin aircraft design bureau .	Sergey Vladimirovich Ilyushin ( Russian : Сергеи ̆ Владимирович Ильюшин ; 30 March 1894 - 9 February 1977 ) was a Soviet aircraft designer and founder of Ilyushin .
	1 Sergey Vladimirovich Ilyushin -LRB- ; 30 March O.S. 18 March 1894 -- 9 February 1977 -RRB- was a Soviet aircraft designer .
	2 A Soviet aircraft designer founded the Ilyushin aircraft design bureau . Sergey Vladimirovich Ilyushin -LRB- Russian : Сергеи ̆ Владимирович Ильюшин ; 30 March 1894 - 9 February 1977 -RRB- was a Soviet aircraft designer and founder of Ilyushin .

# The Mil Mi-10 ( NATO reporting name Harke ) , given the product number izdeliye 60 , is a Soviet military transport helicopter of flying crane configuration , developed from the Mi-6 , entering service in 1963 .	Mil Mi-10 ( Russian : Мил Ми-8 ; NATO reporting name : Harke ) is a Soviet military transport helicopter prodiced by Mil .
	1 The Mil Mi-10 -LRB- NATO reporting Harke -RRB- is .
	2 The Mil Mi-10 -LRB- NATO reporting Harke -RRB- is given the product number izdeliye 60 .
	3 A Soviet military transport helicopter of flying crane configuration is a Soviet military transport helicopter .
	4 A Soviet military transport helicopter was prodiced by Mil .
	5 Crane configuration was developed from the Mi-6 .
	6 Crane configuration was entering service in 1963 . Mil Mi-10 -LRB- Russian : Мил Ми-8 ; NATO reporting : Harke -RRB- .
	7 Harke was name .

# Crossroads is a 2002 American comedy-drama road film set in Georgia .	Crossroads is a movie from 2002 with starring Britney Spears in her first major movie role .
	1 Crossroads is a 2002 American comedy-drama road film .
	2 A 2002 American comedy-drama road film was set in Georgia .
	3 Crossroads is Georgia . from 2002 with starring Britney Spears in her first major movie role .
	4 Georgia is a movie .

# The Greco-Roman world , Greco-Roman culture , or the term Greco-Roman ( or ) ; spelled Graeco-Roman in the United Kingdom and the Commonwealth ) , when used as an adjective , as understood by modern scholars and writers , refers to those geographical regions and countries that culturally ( and so historically ) were directly , long-term , and intimately influenced by the language , culture , government and religion of the ancient Greeks and Romans .	The Greco-Roman or Graeco-Roman world , refers to geographical regions and countries who had the language , culture , government or religion of the ancient Greeks and Romans .
	1 The Greco-Roman world , Greco-Roman culture , or the term Greco-Roman -LRB- or -RRB- ; spelled Graeco-Roman in the United Kingdom and the Commonwealth -RRB- , when used as an adjective , as understood by modern scholars and writers , refers to those geographical regions and countries that culturally -LRB- and so historically -RRB- were directly , long-term , and intimately influenced by the language , culture , government and religion of the ancient Greeks and Romans . The Greco-Roman or Graeco-Roman world , refers to geographical regions and countries who had the language , culture , government or religion of the ancient Greeks and Romans .

# Tityos or Tityus ( Ancient Greek : Τιτυο ́ ς ) was a giant from Greek mythology .	Tityas is a giant in Greek mythology who chased Leto and was consequently murdered by Apollo .
	1 Tityos or Tityus -LRB- Ancient Greek : Τιτυο ́ ς -RRB- was a giant from Greek .
	2 Mythology . Tityas is a giant in Greek mythology Greek .
	3 A giant in Greek mythology chased Leto .
	4 A giant in Greek mythology was consequently murdered by Apollo .

# Karl Wilhelm Scheibler ( , 1 September 1820 – 13 April 1881 ) was a German-born Polish industrialist , businessman and textile manufacturer .	Karl Wilhelm Scheibler ( 1 September 1820 – 13 April 1881 ) was a German - Polish industrialist .
	1 Karl Wilhelm Scheibler -LRB- , 1 September 1820 -- 13 April 1881 -RRB- . Karl Wilhelm Scheibler -LRB- 1 September 1820 -- 13 April 1881 -RRB- was a German - Polish industrialist .
	2 Was a German-born Polish industrialist , businessman and textile manufacturer 1 September 1820 -- 13 April 1881 -RRB- .

# Nandi ( , , , , ) is the gate-guardian deity of Kailasa , the abode of Lord Shiva .	Nandi ( , , , , ) is a bull that is pet of the Lord Shiva .
	1 Nandi -LRB- , -RRB- is the gate-guardian deity of Kailasa , the abode of Lord Shiva . Nandi -LRB- , -RRB- is a bull .
	2 A bull is pet of the Lord Shiva .

# The Jet Propulsion Laboratory ( JPL ) is a federally funded research and development center and NASA field center in La Can ̃ ada Flintridge , California , United States , though it is often referred to as residing in Pasadena , California because it has a Pasadena ZIP Code .	The Jet Propulsion Laboratory ( JPL ) is a NASA research center in Pasadena , California .
	1 The Jet Propulsion Laboratory -LRB- JPL -RRB- is a federally funded research and development center .
	2 The Jet Propulsion Laboratory -LRB- JPL -RRB- is NASA field center in La Can ̃ Flintridge United States , though it is often referred to as residing in Pasadena , California because it has a Pasadena ZIP Code .
	3 The Jet Propulsion Laboratory -LRB- JPL -RRB- is a NASA research center in Pasadena , California a Pasadena ZIP Code .
	4 La Can ̃ Flintridge was California .
	5 Flintridge was ada .

# The ELTons ( English Language Teaching Innovation Awards ) are international awards given annually by the British Council that recognise and celebrate innovation in the field of English language teaching .	The ELTon Award is given by the British Council for English language teaching innovation .
	1 The ELTons -LRB- English Language Teaching Innovation Awards -RRB- are international awards given annually by the British Council innovation in the field of English language teaching .
	2 The ELTon Award is given by the British Council for English language teaching innovation international awards .
	3 The British Council recognise and celebrate .

# Philip II ( 21 August 1165 – 14 July 1223 ) , known as Philip Augustus , was King of France from 1180 to 1223 .	Philip II of France ( August 21 , 1165 – July 14 , 1223 ) , was King of France from 1180 to 1223 .
	1 Philip II -LRB- 21 August 1165 -- 14 July 1223 -RRB- , known as Philip Augustus , was King of France from 1180 to 1223 . Philip II of France -LRB- August 21 , 1165 -- July 14 , 1223 -RRB- , was King of France .

# Nordjyllands Trafikselskab ( English : North Jutland 's Transport Company .	Nordjyllands Trafikselskab ( English : North Jutland 's Transport Company ) is a Danish company who makes the routes of regional buses in Northern Jutland .
	1 Nordjyllands Trafikselskab -LRB- English : North Jutland 's Transport Company . Nordjyllands Trafikselskab -LRB- English : North Jutland 's Transport Company -RRB- is a Danish company .
	2 A Danish company makes the routes of regional buses in Northern Jutland .

# Hot sauce , also known as chili sauce or pepper sauce , is any condiment , seasoning , or salsa made from chili peppers and other ingredients .	Hot sauce , chili sauce , or pepper sauce are all spicy condiments made from chili peppers .
	1 Hot sauce is any condiment .
	2 Hot sauce is seasoning .
	3 Hot sauce is salsa .
	4 Any condiment was made from chili peppers .
	5 Seasoning was made from chili peppers .
	6 Salsa was made from chili peppers .
	7 Hot sauce was also known as chili sauce or pepper sauce .
	8 Other ingredients . Hot sauce , or pepper sauce are all spicy condiments .
	9 All spicy condiments were made from chili peppers .
	10 Hot sauce was chili sauce .

# Moreland is a census-designated place in Bingham County , Idaho , United States .	Moreland is a census-designated place ( CDP ) of Idaho in the United States .
	1 Moreland is a census-designated place in Bingham County , Idaho , United States .
	2 Moreland is a census-designated place -LRB- CDP -RRB- of Idaho in the United States Bingham County , Idaho , United States .

# The flag of South Korea , also known as the Taegukgi ( also spelled as " Taegeukgi " , " " Taegeuk " flag " ) , has three parts : a white rectangular background , a red and blue Taegeuk in its center , and four black trigrams one toward each corner .	The flag of the South Korea , also known as the Taegukgi ( also spelled as " Taegeukgi " , literally " supreme ultimate flag " ) , has three parts : a white rectangular background , a red and blue Taeguk , symbolizing balance , in its center , and four black trigrams selected from the original eight , one toward each corner .
	1 The flag of South Korea , also known as the Taegukgi -LRB- also spelled as '' Taegeukgi '' , '' '' Taegeuk '' flag '' -RRB- , has three parts .
	2 The flag of South Korea , also known as the Taegukgi -LRB- also spelled as '' Taegeukgi '' , '' '' Taegeuk '' flag '' -RRB- , has a white rectangular background .
	3 The flag of South Korea , also known as the Taegukgi -LRB- also spelled as '' Taegeukgi '' , '' '' Taegeuk '' flag '' -RRB- , has a red and blue Taegeuk in its center .
	4 The flag of South Korea , also known as the Taegukgi -LRB- also spelled as '' Taegeukgi '' , '' '' Taegeuk '' flag '' -RRB- , has four black trigrams one toward each corner . The flag of the South Korea has three parts : a white rectangular background , symbolizing balance and four black trigrams selected from the original eight .
	5 A white rectangular background was a red and blue Taeguk .
	6 The flag of the South Korea was also known as the Taegukgi -LRB- also spelled as '' Taegeukgi '' , literally '' supreme ultimate flag '' -RRB- .
	7 The original eight was one toward each corner .

# Methods of Mayhem is an American rock band formed in 1999 by Tommy Lee , who had temporarily quit his position as Mo ̈ tley Cru ̈ e 's drummer .	Methods of Mayhem is an American heavy metal band formed in 1999 .
	1 Methods of Mayhem is an American rock band .
	2 An American rock band was formed in 1999 .
	3 Tommy Lee had temporarily quit his position .
	4 Mo ̈ tley Cru ̈ e 's drummer . Methods of Mayhem is an American heavy metal band .
	5 An American heavy metal band was formed in 1999 .

# The Landseer is a dog breed .	The Landseer ( Continental-European type ) is a dog breed .
	1 The Landseer is a dog breed . The Landseer -LRB- Continental-European type -RRB- is a dog breed .

# Nelson Lagoon ( Unangax ̂ : " Niilsanam Alg ̂ uudaa " ) is a census-designated place ( CDP ) in Aleutians East Borough , Alaska , United States .	Nelson Lagoon is a census-designated place ( CDP ) in Alaska .
	1 Nelson Lagoon -LRB- Unangax ̂ : '' Niilsanam Alg ̂ uudaa '' -RRB- is a census-designated place -LRB- CDP -RRB- in Aleutians East Borough .
	2 Aleutians East Borough is Alaska , United States .
	3 Nelson Lagoon is a census-designated place -LRB- CDP -RRB- in Alaska Aleutians East Borough .
	4 Alaska Aleutians East Borough is Alaska , United States .

# Mizrahi Jews , Mizrahim , also referred to as Edot HaMizrach ( ; " Communities of the East " ; Mizrahi Hebrew : " " ) , ( " Sons of the East " ) , or Oriental Jews , are descendants of local Jewish communities in the Middle East and North Africa from biblical times into the modern era .	Mizrahi Jews / " Oriental Jews " / " Mizrahim " are Jews who originally lived in the Middle East .
	1 Mizrahi Jews also referred to as Edot HaMizrach -LRB- ; '' Communities of the East '' ; Mizrahi Hebrew : '' '' -RRB- , -LRB- '' Sons of the East '' -RRB- , or Oriental Jews , are descendants of local Jewish communities in the Middle East and North Africa from biblical times into the modern era . Mizrahi Jews / '' Oriental Jews '' / '' Mizrahim '' are Jews .
	2 Jews originally lived in the Middle East .
	3 Mizrahi Jews were Mizrahim .

# In linear algebra , two vectors in an inner product space are orthonormal if they are orthogonal and unit vectors .	Two vectors in an inner product space are orthonormal if and only if they are orthogonal ( perpendicular ) and unit vectors .
	1 Two vectors in an inner product space are orthonormal if they are orthogonal and unit vectors . Two vectors in an inner product space are orthonormal if and only if they are orthogonal -LRB- perpendicular -RRB- .
	2 Two vectors in an inner product space are orthonormal if they are orthogonal and unit vectors . Two vectors in an inner product space are orthonormal if and only if they are unit vectors .

# Encyclopaedia Metallum : The Metal Archives ( commonly known as Metal Archives per the URL or just MA ) is a website which lists bands of predominantly heavy metal music .	Encyclopaedia Metallum : The Metal Archives is a website which lists bands from various forms of heavy metal music .
	1 Encyclopaedia Metallum : The Metal Archives -LRB- commonly known as Metal Archives per the URL or just MA -RRB- is a website which lists bands of predominantly heavy metal music . Encyclopaedia Metallum : The Metal Archives is a website which lists bands from various forms of heavy metal music .

# Center Ridge is an unincorporated census-designated place in Conway County , Arkansas , United States .	Center Ridge is a census-designated place ( CDP ) in Arkansas , United States .
	1 Center Ridge is an unincorporated census-designated place in Conway County , Arkansas , United States .
	2 Center Ridge is a census-designated place -LRB- CDP -RRB- in Arkansas , United States Conway County , Arkansas , United States .

# George Stoneman Jr . ( August 8 , 1822 – September 5 , 1894 ) was a United States Army cavalry officer , trained at West Point , where his roommate was Stonewall Jackson .	George Stoneman , Jr . ( August 22 , 1822 – September 5 , 1894 ) was a career U.S. Army officer , a Union cavalry general in the American Civil War , and the Governor of California between 1883 and 1887 .
	1 George Stoneman Jr . -LRB- August 8 , 1822 -- September 5 , 1894 -RRB- was a United States Army cavalry officer .
	2 George Stoneman Jr . -LRB- August 8 , 1822 -- September 5 , 1894 -RRB- was trained at West Point .
	3 His roommate was Stonewall Jackson . George Stoneman , Jr . -LRB- August 22 , 1822 -- September 5 , 1894 -RRB- was a career U.S. Army officer , a Union cavalry general in the American Civil War , and the Governor of California between 1883 and 1887 .

# Stigmatomma saundersi is a species of ant in the genus " Stigmatomma " , endemic to New Zealand .	Amblyopone saundersi is an ant in the subfamily Amblyoponinae , endemic to New Zealand .
	1 Stigmatomma saundersi is a species of ant '' , endemic to New Zealand . Amblyopone saundersi is an ant in the subfamily Amblyoponinae .

# The Portulacaceae are a family of flowering plants , comprising 115 species in a single genus " Portulaca " .	Portulacaceae is a family of flowering plants , comprising about 20 genera with about 500 species , ranging from herbaceous plants to shrubs .
	1 The Portulacaceae are a family of flowering plants . Portulacaceae is a family of flowering plants , comprising about 20 genera with about 500 species , ranging from herbaceous plants to shrubs .
	2 A family of flowering plants is comprising 115 species in a single genus '' Portulaca '' .

# John George Kemeny ( born Keme ́ ny Ja ́ nos Gyo ̈ rgy ; May 31 , 1926 – December 26 , 1992 ) was a Hungarian-born American mathematician , computer scientist , and educator best known for co-developing the BASIC programming language in 1964 with Thomas E. Kurtz .	John George Kemeny ( 31 May 1926 - 26 December 1992 ) developed BASIC with Thomas Eugene Kurtz at Dartmouth College , in 1964 .
	1 John George Kemeny -LRB- born Keme ́ ny Ja ́ nos Gyo ̈ rgy ; May 31 , 1926 -- December 26 , 1992 -RRB- was a Hungarian-born American mathematician .
	2 John George Kemeny -LRB- born Keme ́ ny Ja ́ nos Gyo ̈ rgy ; May 31 , 1926 -- December 26 , 1992 -RRB- was computer scientist .
	3 John George Kemeny -LRB- born Keme ́ ny Ja ́ nos Gyo ̈ rgy ; May 31 , 1926 -- December 26 , 1992 -RRB- was educator best known for co-developing the BASIC programming language in 1964 with Thomas E. Kurtz .
	4 John George Kemeny -LRB- 31 May 1926 - 26 December 1992 -RRB- developed Thomas E. Kurtz . with Thomas Eugene Kurtz .
	5 Thomas E. Kurtz was BASIC .

# Tun Haji Abdul Razak bin Dato ' Hussein SMN KStJ ( 11 March 1922 - 14 January 1976 ) was the second Prime Minister of Malaysia , serving from 1970 to 1976 .	Yang DiHormat Orang Kaya Indera Shahbandar ke-10 , Tun Haji Abdul Razak bin Dato ' Hussein , DMN , SMN , KStJ , ( Jawi : عبدالرزاق حسین ; 11 March 1922 ; 14 January 1976 ) was the second Prime Minister of Malaysia from 1970 to 1976 .
	1 Tun Haji Abdul Razak bin Dato ' Hussein SMN KStJ -LRB- 11 March 1922 - 14 January 1976 -RRB- was the second Prime Minister of Malaysia .
	2 The second Prime Minister of Malaysia was serving from 1970 , DMN , SMN , KStJ , -LRB- Jawi : عبدالرزاق حسین ; 11 March 1922 ; 14 January 1976 -RRB- was the second Prime Minister of Malaysia .
	3 1976 . Yang DiHormat Orang Kaya Indera Shahbandar ke-10 was Tun Haji Abdul Razak bin Dato ' Hussein .

# Asterales is an order of dicotyledonous flowering plants that includes the large family Asteraceae ( or Compositae ) known for composite flowers made of florets , and ten families related to the Asteraceae .	The Asterales are an order of flowering plants which include the composite family Asteraceae ( sunflowers , daisies , thistles , etc . ) and its related families .
	1 Asterales is an order of dicotyledonous flowering plants .
	2 Plants includes the large family Asteraceae -LRB- or Compositae -RRB- known for composite flowers .
	3 Composite flowers were made of florets .
	4 Ten families related to the Asteraceae . The Asterales are an order of flowering plants .
	5 An order of flowering plants include the composite family Asteraceae -LRB- sunflowers . -RRB- and its related families .
	6 Sunflowers is daisies etc .
	7 Daisies are thistles .

# Hydra the Revenge ( sometimes simply shortened to Hydra ) is a steel Floorless Coaster at Dorney Park & Wildwater Kingdom in Allentown , Pennsylvania , United States .	Hydra the Revenge is a steel floorless coaster located at Dorney Park .
	1 Hydra the Revenge -LRB- sometimes simply shortened to Hydra -RRB- is a steel Floorless Coaster at Dorney Park & Wildwater Kingdom in Allentown , Pennsylvania , United States . Hydra .
	2 The Revenge is a steel floorless coaster .
	3 A steel floorless coaster were located at Dorney Park Allentown , Pennsylvania , United States . Hydra .

# The brahminy river turtle or crowned river turtle ( " Hardella thurjii " ) is a species of turtle in the family Geoemydidae .	The Brahminy River Turtle or Crowned River Turtle ( " Hardella thurjii " ) is a species of turtle found in northern India , Pakistan , and Bangladesh ( in the watersheds of the Ganges , Brahmaputra , and Indus rivers ) .
	1 The brahminy river turtle or crowned river turtle -LRB- '' Hardella thurjii '' -RRB- is a species of turtle in the family .
	2 Geoemydidae . The Brahminy River Turtle is a species of turtle .
	3 Crowned River Turtle -LRB- '' Hardella thurjii '' -RRB- is a species of turtle .
	4 Turtle was found in northern India .
	5 Turtle was found in Pakistan .
	6 Turtle was found in Bangladesh -LRB- in the watersheds of the Ganges , Brahmaputra , and Indus rivers -RRB- the family .

# Garden Valley is an unincorporated census-designated place in Boise County , Idaho , United States .	Garden Valley is a census-designated place ( CDP ) of Idaho in the United States .
	1 Garden Valley is an unincorporated census-designated place in Boise County , Idaho , United States .
	2 Garden Valley is a census-designated place -LRB- CDP -RRB- of Idaho in the United States Boise County , Idaho , United States .

# Jewel of the Seas is a " Radiance " class cruise ship operated by Royal Caribbean .	The MS " Jewel of the Seas " is a cruise ship belonging to Royal Caribbean 's " Radiance " class .
	1 Jewel of the Seas is a '' .
	2 Radiance '' a .
	3 Class cruise ship operated a '' Radiance by Royal Caribbean .
	4 The MS '' Jewel of the Seas '' is a cruise ship .
	5 A cruise ship is belonging to Royal Caribbean 's '' .
	6 A cruise ship is radiance '' Royal Caribbean .
	7 Royal Caribbean is class .

# The Bama Boyz ( a.k.a. the Bamaz ) are a Grammy-nominated , Dove Award-winning , American record production , songwriting , and artist trio , consisting of Eddie “ E-Trez ” Smith III , Jesse J. Rankins , Jonathan D. Wells .	The Bama Boyz ( a.k.a the Bamaz ) are a Grammy-nominated , Dove Award winning , American record production , songwriting , and artist trio , with Eddie “ E-Trez ” Smith III , Jesse J. Rankins , Jonathan D. Wells as members .
	1 The Bama Boyz -LRB- a.k.a. the Bamaz -RRB- are a Grammy-nominated , Dove Award-winning , American record production , songwriting , and artist trio .
	2 The Bama Boyz -LRB- a.k.a. the Bamaz -RRB- was consisting of Eddie `` E-Trez '' Smith III Jonathan D. Wells .
	3 The Bama Boyz -LRB- a.k.a the Bamaz -RRB- are a Grammy-nominated , Dove Award winning songwriting .
	4 A Grammy-nominated , Dove Award winning is american record production .
	5 Artist trio , Smith III Jonathan D. Wells . with Eddie `` E-Trez '' Smith III .
	6 Eddie `` E-Trez '' Smith III was Jonathan D. Wells as members .
	7 Eddie `` E-Trez '' Smith III was Jesse J. Rankins .
	8 Eddie `` E-Trez '' Smith III was Jesse J. Rankins .

# Sranan Tongo ( also Sranantongo " Surinamese tongue " , Sranan , Surinaams , Surinamese , Surinamese Creole , Taki Taki ) is an English-based creole language that is spoken as a " lingua franca " by approximately 500,000 people in Suriname .	Sranan Tongo ( also known as Sranantongo and Sranan ) is an English creole language spoken in Suriname .
	1 Sranan Tongo -LRB- also Sranantongo '' Surinamese tongue '' -RRB- is an English-based creole language .
	2 An English-based creole language is spoken as a '' .
	3 Lingua franca '' by approximately 500,000 people in Suriname . Sranan Tongo -LRB- also known as Sranantongo and Sranan -RRB- is an English creole language .
	4 An English creole language was spoken in Suriname as a .
	5 Sranantongo '' Surinamese tongue '' was Sranan , Surinaams , Surinamese , Surinamese Creole , Taki Taki .

# The 930s decade ran from January 1 , 930 , to December 31 , 939 .	Below are some of the important events that happened from 930 to 939 .
	1 The 930s decade ran from January 1 , 930 , . Below are some of the important events .
	2 The important events happened from 930 .

# The Luxembourgish Wikipedia ( " " ) is the Luxembourgish language version of Wikipedia , the free encyclopedia .	Luxembourgish Wikipedia is the Luxembourgish language edition of Wikipedia .
	1 The Luxembourgish Wikipedia -LRB- '' '' -RRB- is the Luxembourgish language version of Wikipedia .
	2 Wikipedia is the free encyclopedia .
	3 Luxembourgish Wikipedia is the Luxembourgish language edition of Wikipedia the Luxembourgish language version of Wikipedia .
	4 Wikipedia is the free encyclopedia .

# The Coast Miwok are an indigenous people that was the second largest group of Miwok people .	The Coast Miwok were a Native American tribe who lived in what is now Northern California .
	1 Miwok are an indigenous people . Miwok were a Native American tribe .
	2 A Native American tribe lived in what is now Northern California .
	3 An indigenous people was the second largest group of Miwok people .
	4 Miwok was The Coast .

# The National Association for the Advancement of Colored People ( NAACP ) is a civil rights organization in the United States , formed in 1909 as a bi-racial endeavor to advance justice for African Americans by a group including W. E. B. Du Bois , Mary White Ovington and Moorfield Storey .	The National Association for the Advancement of Colored People or NAACP ( pronounced N-double-A-C-P ) is a civil rights organization in the United States , created for the advancement of black people by means of following judicial policies .
	1 The National Association for the Advancement of Colored People -LRB- NAACP -RRB- is a civil rights organization in the United States , formed in 1909 as a bi-racial endeavor to advance justice for African Americans by a group including W. E. B. Du Bois , Mary White Ovington and Moorfield Storey . The National Association for the Advancement of Colored People or NAACP -LRB- pronounced N-double-A-C-P -RRB- is a civil rights organization in the United States , created for the advancement of black people by means of following judicial policies .

# The 2013 San Diego Padres season was their 45th season in MLB , and their 9th at Petco Park .	The 2013 San Diego Padres season began with two losses to the New York Mets .
	1 The 2013 San Diego Padres season was their 45th season in MLB .
	2 Their 9th at Petco Park . The 2013 San Diego Padres season began with two losses .

# A measuring cup or measuring jug is a kitchen utensil used primarily to measure the volume of liquid or bulk solid cooking ingredients such as flour and sugar , especially for volumes from about 50 mL ( 2 fl oz ) upwards .	A measuring cup is a cup used to measure liquids or other ingredients , such as sugar or flour .
	1 A measuring cup or measuring jug is a kitchen utensil .
	2 A kitchen utensil was used primarily to measure the volume of liquid or bulk solid cooking ingredients such as flour .
	3 Sugar , especially for volumes from about 50 mL -LRB- 2 fl oz -RRB- upwards . A measuring cup is a cup .
	4 A cup was used to measure liquids .
	5 A cup was used to other ingredients .

# A whistle is an instrument which produces sound from a stream of gas , most commonly air .	A whistle is a thing that uses a stream of gas ( usually air ) to make a sound , or the act of making a similar sound called whistling .
	1 A whistle is an instrument .
	2 An instrument produces .
	3 Sound from a stream of gas , most commonly air . A whistle is a thing .
	4 The act of making a similar sound called whistling .
	5 A thing uses a stream of gas -LRB- usually air -RRB- to make a sound .

# In social philosophy , objectification is the act of treating a person , or sometimes an animal , as an object or a thing .	Objectification refers to the treating of an abstract concept as a real thing .
	1 Objectification is the act of treating a person .
	2 Sometimes an animal , as an object or a thing . Objectification refers to the treating of an abstract concept as a real thing .

# Cutout animation is a form of stop-motion animation using flat characters , props and backgrounds cut from materials such as paper , card , stiff fabric or even photographs .	Cutout animation is a method for creating animations using flat characters , props and backgrounds cut from materials such as paper , card , stiff fabric or even photographs .
	1 Cutout animation is a form of stop-motion animation .
	2 Cutout animation is a method for creating animations .
	3 Animations were using flat characters , props and backgrounds cut from materials such as paper .
	4 Animations were using flat characters , props and backgrounds cut from materials such as card .
	5 Animations were using flat characters , props and backgrounds cut from materials such as stiff fabric .
	6 Animations were using flat characters , props and backgrounds cut from materials such as even photographs a form .
	7 Stop-motion animation was using flat characters , props and backgrounds cut from materials such as paper .
	8 Stop-motion animation was using flat characters , props and backgrounds cut from materials such as card .
	9 Stop-motion animation was using flat characters , props and backgrounds cut from materials such as stiff fabric .
	10 Stop-motion animation was using flat characters , props and backgrounds cut from materials such as even photographs .

# Robert Moses " Lefty " Grove ( March 6 , 1900 – May 22 , 1975 ) was an American professional baseball pitcher .	Robert Moses " Lefty " Grove ( March 6 , 1900 – May 22 , 1975 ) was a pitcher in Major League Baseball .
	1 Robert Moses '' Lefty '' Grove -LRB- March 6 , 1900 -- May 22 , 1975 -RRB- was an American professional baseball .
	2 Pitcher . Robert Moses '' Lefty '' an American professional baseball .
	3 Grove -LRB- March 6 , 1900 -- May 22 , 1975 -RRB- was a pitcher in Major League Baseball an American professional baseball pitcher . Robert Moses '' Lefty .

# The Spengler Cup is an annual invitational ice hockey tournament held in Davos , Switzerland .	The Spengler Cup is an ice hockey tournament in Davos , Switzerland .
	1 The Spengler Cup is an annual invitational ice hockey tournament , Switzerland . The Spengler Cup is an ice hockey tournament in Davos , Switzerland .
	2 An annual invitational ice hockey tournament is held in Davos .

# Mastitis is inflammation of the breast or udder , usually associated with breastfeeding .	" Mastitis " is an inflammation in the breast cells .
	1 Mastitis is inflammation of the breast or udder '' .
	2 Is an inflammation in the breast cells the breast or udder .
	3 The breast or udder is usually associated with breastfeeding . '' Mastitis .\begin{itemize}
    \item \textbf{Sentence:} They would later return to the revived series in the 2008 Christmas Special "The Next Doctor", introducing two new variants of the race; the Cyber-Shades and the Cyber-King.\\ 
    \textbf{Candidate Splits}: \\
    \# They would later return to the revived series in the 2008 Christmas Special `` The Next Doctor '' .\\
    \# They was introducing two new variants of the race .\\
    \# They was introducing the Cyber-Shades .\\
    \# They was introducing the Cyber-King .
    \item \textbf{Sentence:} Rollins retired in 1962 and opted to become a coach.\\
    \textbf{Candidate Splits}: \\
    \# Rollins retired in 1962 . \\
    \# Rollins opted to become a coach . \\
\end{itemize}